Acknowledgments

The Seismic Unix project is partially funded by the Society of 
Exploration Geophysicists (SEG), and by the Center for Wave Phenomena (CWP), 
Department of Geophysical Engineering, Colorado School of Mines.  Past 
support for SU has included these groups, as well as the Gas Research
Institute (GRI).

Thank you SEG, and CWP for your continued support!

The sponsors of the CWP Consortium Project have long been partners
in the  SU project and we are pleased to explicitly acknowledge that
relationship here.  In addition, we wish to acknowledge extra support
supplied in the past by IBM Corporation and by the Center for
Geoscience Computing at the Colorado School of Mines during the
late 1980's when SU was ported to the modern workstation from its
previous incarnation on graphics terminals.

So many faculty and students, both at our Center and elsewhere, have
contributed to SU, that it is impossible to list them all here.
However, certain people have made such important contributions that they
deserve explicit mention.

Einar Kjartansson wrote the first draft of what is now called SU
(the SY package) in cooperation with Shuki Ronen while both were 
at Stanford University.
In turn, some of the fundamental concepts they implemented were
formulated by their mentor, Jon Claerbout, Director of the Stanford
Exploration Project.  Ronen brought this work to our Center during a
two-year stay here and, during this time, aided Cohen in
turning SU into a supportable and exportable product.

Chris Liner, while a student at the Center, contributed to many of the graphics
codes used in the pre-workstation (i.e, graphics terminal) age of  SU.
Liner's broad knowledge of seismology and seismic processing enabled
him to make a positive and continuing influence on the SU coding
philosophy.

Craig Artley, now at Golden Geophysical, made major contributions to
the graphics codes while a student at CWP and continues to make
significant contributions to the general package.

Dave Hale wrote several of the ``heavy duty'' processing codes as well
as most of the core scientific and graphics libraries.  His knowledge
of good C-language coding practice helped make our package a good
example for applied computer scientists.

Ken Larner contributed many user interface ideas based on his
extensive knowledge of seismic processing in the ``real world.''

John Scales showed how to use  SU effectively in the classroom in his
electronic text, Theory of Seismic Imaging, Samizdat Press, 1994.
This text is available from the Samizdat press site at:  samizdat.mines.edu.

John Stockwell is largely responsible for the easy installation and
portability of the package, and continues to be the main contact
for the project since the first public release in September of 1992
(Release 18). 

The project has also has had extensive technical help from the
worldwide SU user community.
Among those who should be singled out for mention are Tony Kocurko at
Memorial University in Newfoundland, Toralf Foerster of the 
Baltic Sea Research Institute in Warnemuende Germany, Stewart A. Levin, John
Anderson, and Joe Oravetz at Mobil Oil, Joe Dellinger at Amoco, Matthew
Rutty, Jens Hartmann, Alexander Koek, Michelle Miller
of the University of Southern California at Chico,
Berend Scheffers, and Guy Drijkoningen, Delft,
Dominique Rousset, Pau and Marc Schaming, Strasbourg,
Matt Lamont, Curtin University, Australia, 
Wenying Cai at the University of Utah, Brian Macy of Phillips Petroleum,
Robert Krueger of Terrasys, Torsten Shoenfelder of the University
of Koeln, Germany, Ian Kay of the Geological Survey of Canada,
Dr. Toshiki Watanabe of the University of Kyoto.
Our apologies in advance
for undoubtedly omitting mention of other deserving contributors to
 SU---we promise to include you in future updates of this manual!

We especially thank Barbara McLenon for her detailed suggestions on the text
and also for her excellent design of this document, as well as the
SU pamphlets, and other materials, which we distribute at public meetings.

In Memoriam

Dr. Jack K. Cohen passed away in October 1996. The Seismic Unix
package exists owing to his knowledge of seismic processing,
his creativity, and his desire to make a lasting contribution
to the scientific community.  He will surely be missed by all
who had contact with him in the mathematical, geophysical, and 
SU-user communities.
